restructure metrics and server-side sampling content (#5479)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/performance/metrics.mdx

For each project, you can configure how [Apdex](#apdex) and [User Misery](#user-misery) are calculated in **[Project] > Settings > Performance**. You can override project-level settings at the transaction level in **Transaction Summary > Settings**.

The calculation method determines if duration is defined as the entire length of the transaction or as a specific [Web Vital](/product/performance/web-vitals/) such as LCP. The response time threshold determines what the satisfactory baseline duration is in milliseconds. This threshold may vary across projects depending on how user-facing a project is.

## Custom Performance Metrics

> Custom performance metrics on transactions allow you to define metrics that are important to your application and send them to Sentry. Currently, you can set these in the [JavaScript SDK (version `7.0.0` or higher)](/platforms/javascript/performance/instrumentation/performance-metrics/).

Author: ```suggestion
Custom performance metrics on transactions allow you to define metrics (beyond the ones mentioned above) that are important to your application and send them to Sentry. Currently, you can set these in the [JavaScript (version `7.0.0` or higher)](/platforms/javascript/performance/instrumentation/performance-metrics/) and [Python (version `1.5.12` or higher)](/platforms/python/performance/instrumentation/performance-metrics/) SDKs.
```
